PRIVACY POLICY FOR NUTRINOTE

Last updated: August 4, 2023

This privacy policy ("Policy") describes how VooStack ("VooStack", "we", "us" or "our") collects, protects, and uses the personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") you ("User", "you" or "your") may provide in the NutriNote mobile application and any of its products or services (collectively, "Mobile Application" or "Services").

It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your Personal Information and how you can access and update this information. This Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to individuals that we do not employ or manage.

1. COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

We receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us when you create an account, publish content, make a purchase, or fill any online forms in the Mobile Application. When required, this information may include your email address, name, phone number, or other Personal Information. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of some of the Mobile Application's features.

2. COLLECTION OF NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION

When you open the Mobile Application, our servers automatically record information that your device sends. This data may include information such as your device's IP address and location, device name and version, operating system type and version, language preferences, the webpage you were visiting before you came to our Mobile Application, pages of our Mobile Application that you visit, the time spent on those pages, the information you search for on our Mobile Application, access times and dates, and other statistics.

3. USE AND PROCESSING OF COLLECTED INFORMATION

Any of the information we collect from you may be used to personalize your experience; improve our Mobile Application; improve customer service and respond to queries and emails of our customers; process transactions; send notification emails such as password reminders, updates, etc; run and operate our Mobile Application and Services.

4. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY

Our Mobile Application does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers.

5. COOKIES

We may use cookies to collect, store, and track information for statistical purposes to operate our Mobile Application and Services. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.

6. CHANGES AND AMENDMENTS

We reserve the right to modify this Policy relating to the Mobile Application or Services at any time, effective upon posting of an updated version of this Policy in the Mobile Application. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the top of this page.

7. ACCEPTANCE OF THIS POLICY

You acknowledge that you have read this Policy and agree to all its terms and conditions. By using the Mobile Application or its Services you agree to be bound by this Policy. If you do not agree to abide by the terms of this Policy, you are not authorized to use or access the Mobile Application and its Services.

8. CONTACTING US

If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us at support@voostack.com.

This document was last updated on August 4, 2023
